soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 3 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias door_close
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 8 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias wpn_drdFghtr_missile_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 13 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias wpn_hailfire_missile_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 19 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias wpn_ywing_torpedo_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 25 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias wpn_tie_bombLauncher_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 31 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias wpn_gunship_laser_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 32 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias wpn_gunship_laser_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 37 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias wpn_jediStrftr_blaster_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 43 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias wpn_ywing_blaster_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 48 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias vehicle_chaingun_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 49 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias wpn_chaingun_spin
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 52 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias rcflak
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 59 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias shift_up
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 61 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_chop_a_loop
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 64 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias startup_soft
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 67 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias startup_hard
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 70 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias shutdown_soft
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 72 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias shutdown_hard
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 76 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias sfx_pod_airbrakes_off
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 77 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias sfx_pod_airbrakes_on
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 80 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias droid_r2_chatter_01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 81 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias droid_r2_chatter_02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 82 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias Ifc_LowShield03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 83 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias Ifc_LowHealth02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 84 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias droid_r2_damage
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 85 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias droid_r2_death
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 89 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias droidfighter_shift_up
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 90 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias droidfighter_roll
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 91 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias droidfighter_shift_down
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 93 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias wpn_drdFghtr_blaster_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 94 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_droidStarfighter_low_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 95 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_droidStarfighter_mid_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 96 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_droidStarfighter_hi_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 102 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias tridroid_shift_up
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 103 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias tridroid_roll
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 104 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_triFighter_low_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 105 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_triFighter_mid_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 106 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_triFighter_hi_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 107 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias tridroid_shift_down
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 111 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_Arc170_hi_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 112 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_Arc170_low_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 113 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_Arc170_mid_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 116 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias Arc170_shift_up
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 117 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias Arc170_roll
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 118 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias Arc170_shift_down
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 123 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_v-wing_hi_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 124 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_v-wing_low_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 125 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_v-wing_mid_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 128 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias vwing_shift_up
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 129 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias vwing_roll
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 131 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias grievous_shift_up
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 132 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias grievous_roll
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 133 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias vwing_shift_down
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 134 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias grievous_shift_down
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 139 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_takeoff_gunship02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 140 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_takeoff_gunship01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 141 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias R_LAAT_land01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 145 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_repGunship_hi_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 146 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_repGunship_low_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 147 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias eng_repGunship_mid_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 154 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias soft_shift_up
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 2 and 156 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  door_open will alias soft_shift_down
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\CO3\co3cw_sfx.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 6 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias saberoff
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 7 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias saber_triple
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 8 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias saber_double
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 9 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias saber_deflect01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 10 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias saber_deflect02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 11 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias saber_deflect03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 13 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias saber_idle02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 14 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ltsaberswing01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 15 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ltsaberswing02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 16 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ltsaberswing03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 17 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ltsaberswing04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 18 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ltsaberswing05
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 19 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ltsaberswing06
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 20 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ltsaberswingdbl01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 22 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias saber_throw
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 23 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias saber_twirl
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 27 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias force_push_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 28 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias force_push_impact
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 30 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias force_pull_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 37 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ifc_NoAmmo
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 42 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_gunship_blaster_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 49 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_ord_grenade02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 50 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_ord_grenade03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 51 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_ord_grenade01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 52 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_ord_rocket_small01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 53 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_ord_rocket_small02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 54 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_ord_rocket_small03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 66 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_cpistol_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 73 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias rep_inf_jetpack
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 74 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias rep_weap_jetpack_turnon
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 75 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias rep_weap_jetpack_turnoff
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 77 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_fusionCutter_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 79 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias disintegrate
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 82 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_energyRecharge
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 85 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_mortar_launcher_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 87 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_energyDepleted
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 89 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_powerDispense_pickUp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 97 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_reconDroid_Launch
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 99 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_probe_beeps_01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 100 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_probe_beeps_02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 101 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_probe_beeps_03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 102 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_probe_beeps_04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 103 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_probe_beeps_05
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 104 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_probe_eng_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 115 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_weap_shotgun_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 117 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wep_All_sniper_01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 120 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_snowSpder_towCable_att
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 128 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_grenade_dirt_01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 129 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_grenade_dirt_03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 130 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_grenade_dirt_04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 131 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_grenade_stone_01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 132 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_grenade_stone_03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 133 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_grenade_stone_04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 134 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_grenade_wood_03b
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 137 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_throw01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 138 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_throw02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 139 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_throw03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 140 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_throw04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 141 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_throw05
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 144 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_timebomb_set
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 151 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_equip_large
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 152 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_equip_small
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 153 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_equip_medium
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 154 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_reload_medium
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 155 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_reload_large
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 167 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_sniperRifle_zoomIn01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 168 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_sniperRifle_zoomIn02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 169 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_sniperRifle_zoomOut
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 182 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias CICOM401
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 183 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias CICOM408
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 184 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias CICOM409
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 187 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias drd_droid_hit_01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 188 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias drd_droid_hit_02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 189 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias drd_droid_hit_03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 190 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias drd_droid_hit_04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 191 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias drd_droid_hit_05
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 192 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias drd_droid_hit_06
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 199 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_weap_triburst_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 201 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_wristRocket_reload
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 226 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias bulldog_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 228 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias buff_poison_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 229 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias buff_poison_effect
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 232 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_rep_grenadelaunch_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 233 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_weap_inf_gas_exp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 245 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_all_bowcaster_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 246 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_bowcaster_chargeup
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 258 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias fs_droideka_01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 259 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias fs_droideka_02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 260 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias fs_droideka_03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 261 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias fs_droideka_04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 262 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_snowSpder_towCable_rls
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 264 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_droideka_blaster_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 265 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias drd_droideka_fold
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 266 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias drd_droideka_unfold
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 267 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias drd_droideka_roll_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 268 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias drd_droideka_shield_on
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 284 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias RICOM401
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 285 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias RICOM402
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 286 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias RICOM403
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 287 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias RICOM404
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 288 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias RICOM405
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 289 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias RICOM406
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 291 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias malechoke
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 297 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_rep_blaster_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 298 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_rep_pistol_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 325 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_chaingun_spin
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 326 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_chaingun_fire01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 328 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_buff_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 330 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias buff_rally_effect
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 334 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias buff_rage_fire
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 335 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias buff_rage_effect
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 349 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias emt_torch_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 355 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_vehicle_weaponEquip
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 357 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_weap_turret_fire_small
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 358 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_intrcptTnk_trtYaw_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 359 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias wpn_intrcptTnk_trtPtch_lp
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 374 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ammo_blaster_lp01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 375 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ammo_blaster_lp04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 384 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ammo_blaster_lp02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 385 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ammo_blaster_lp03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 394 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ammo_rocket_lp02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 395 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ammo_rocket_lp03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 396 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ammo_rocket_lp05
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 397 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias ammo_rocket_lp06
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 411 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_dirt_07
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 412 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_dirt_09
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 413 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_stone_03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 414 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_stone_04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 415 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_stone_05
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 416 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_metal_02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 417 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_metal_03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 418 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_metal_05
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 419 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_metal_06
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 420 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_metal_07
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 421 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_metal_08
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 422 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_metal_09
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 423 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_metal_16
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 424 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_metal_18
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 425 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_metal_21
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 426 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_ricco_02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 427 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_ricco_03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 428 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_ricco_04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 429 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_ricco_06
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 430 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_ricco_08
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 431 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_ricco_12
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 460 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_ord_thermalDetonator01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 461 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_ord_thermalDetonator02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 471 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_ord_rocket_large01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 472 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_ord_rocket_large02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 473 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_ord_rocket_large03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 474 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_ord_rocket_med01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 475 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_ord_rocket_med02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 476 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_ord_rocket_med03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 493 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_water_small01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 494 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_water_small02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 495 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_water_small03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 496 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_water_1
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 497 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_water_2
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 498 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias imp_laser_water_3
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 511 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_obj_med05
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 512 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_obj_med04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 513 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_obj_med03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 514 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_obj_med02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 515 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_obj_med01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 516 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_distant_medium01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 517 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_distant_medium02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 518 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_verydistant_medium01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 519 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_verydistant_medium02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 534 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_obj_small01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 535 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_obj_small02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 536 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_obj_small03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 537 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_obj_small04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 538 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_obj_small05
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 539 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_distant_small02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 540 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_distant_small01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 541 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_verydistant_small01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 542 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_verydistant_small02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 561 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_sub01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 562 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_sub02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 563 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_sub03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 573 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_sub04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 581 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_sub05
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 582 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_sub06
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 583 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_sub07
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 584 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias exp_sub08
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 595 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_blg_commandpost_capture
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 596 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_blg_commandpost_charge
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 597 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_blg_commandpost_discharge
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 598 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_blg_commandpost_dispute
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 599 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_blg_commandpost_lost
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 600 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_blg_commandpost1
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 601 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_blg_commandpost2
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 602 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias com_blg_commandpost3
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 608 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_gonk_01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 609 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_gonk_02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 610 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_gonk_03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 611 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_gonk_04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 622 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias crt_medicalDroid04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 624 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_fx7_chatter_04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 625 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_fx7_chatter_01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 626 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_fx7_chatter_02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 627 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_fx7_chatter_03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 628 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_fx7_recharge_01
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 629 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_fx7_recharge_02
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 630 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_fx7_recharge_03
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 631 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias droid_fx7_recharge_04
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 648 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias mvt_jump_rifle
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 649 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias mvt_land_rifle
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 650 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias mvt_squat_rifle
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 651 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias mvt_roll_rifle
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 652 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias mvt_jump_pistol
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 653 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias mvt_land_pistol
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 654 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias mvt_squat_pistol
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 655 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias mvt_roll_pistol
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 656 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias mvt_jump_bazooka
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 657 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias mvt_land_bazooka
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 658 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias mvt_squat_bazooka
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 659 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias mvt_roll_bazooka
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 670 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias mvt_trooper_squat
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 678 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias lightning_small
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 679 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias lightning_med
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Warning : Files line 5 and 680 reference the same source file c:\windows\media\chord.wav.  saberon will alias lightning_large
  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\worlds\xxx\xxxcw.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Error : Unable to open file E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\shell\effects\whooshl3.wav  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\shell\shell.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Error : Unable to open file E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\shell\effects\whooshl3.wav, format may be invalid  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\shell\shell.sfx
soundflmunge.exe : Error : Unable to read file list E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\shell\shell.sfx  - while munging E:\BF2_ModTools\data_BSM\Sound\shell\shell.sfx
